Hi, my name is Zhenyu Dai and I am
here to give a presentation about
robotic system and sustainable development.
Feel free to pause at any time.
The content of presentation
today is shown here.
I'm going to start the
presentation with a question,
what is robots?
The official explanation is here. In vague terms,
something that is programmed, something that
is able to move by itself and can do tasks.
By International Federation of Robotics,
robots can be divided into two groups:
industrial robots
and service robots.
Today we're linking
robotics with SDGs,
so it is their applications that
we wanted to investigate.
For industrial robots
their applications are shown here.
The table illustrates the applications and their
definitions of the industrial robots
Service robots are first divided into two groups,
which are consumer robots and professional robots.
And then the application of the
two groups are shown here.
The two tables illustrate the
applications of consumer robots
and professional robots
as well as their definitions.
The United Nation published the
sustainable development goals in 2015.
There are 17 goals that hopefully can
turn Earth into a better planet by 2030.
Some people might wonder what do
these SDGs have to do with me?
Well, first, some of the SDGs deal with problems
that could impact people's
lives, like poverty Etc.
Focusing on that help people to survive.
Second, the SDGs focuses on natural environment,
making sure our descendants
live in a healthier planet.
Third, the SDGs set up goals
for countries to work together,
they promote cooperation so that
less conflicts could happen.
Lastly, as an engineer SDGs open up new markets
and opportunities for innovations and technology.
And these are the 17 SDGs
that we talked about.
Robots really play a crucial
role in addressing many SDGs.
For example, surgical robots could increase
the chance of survival of a patient in a surgery.
This could help decreasing
the death rate and therefore
contribute to SDG 3: good health and well-being.
Rescue robots could help identify
and rescue refugees
in extreme weathers
like tsunami, typhoon or earthquakes.
This will decrease the death rate in
the climate related hazards
and therefore contribute
to SDG 13: climate action.
Finally, construction robot could help to build
high quality infrastructures
with higher efficiency.
This contributes to SDG 9: Industry
Innovation and infrastructure.
Let's focus on one of SDGs: SDG
8: Decent work and economic growth
One Challenge from SDG 8 is that the global GDP
has slowed in the speed of increasing.
Robots could help with with this by monitoring
the machines in the factories 24/7.
This will then minimize the
downtime of the factory and enhance
the productivity and therefore
boost global economic growth.
The second challenge is slow, prone-to-error
traditional manufacturing process
among developing countries in
which level of automation is low.
Robots could help with this
by doing repetitive tasks,
streamline the operations so that efficiency
and product quality could increase.
Manufacturing jobs could be dangerous.
Robots could do the dangerous
jobs for human and also
inspection robots could monitor the facility to
decrease the occurrence of hazardous incidents.
However, the introduction of robot could
lead to some ethical considerations
One example would be job displacement,
as robots streamline operations,
the original workers are likely to be unemployed.
It is important to ensure that displaced workers
find new employment opportunities.
The introduction of robots is
likely to widen the wage gap
between high skilled workers who
can manage and maintain robotic systems
and low-skilled workers. Furthermore,
as robotic systems
could be expensive,
it is likely to widen the gap between
companies of different sizes.
To avoid this, training program must
be made available to all workers,
so that all workers get the chance to be familiar
with the robotic systems. Government should
implement policies that encourage accessibility
to technology to all manufacturers,
regardless of size.
The use of robots
for monitoring and productivity tracking
can lead to invasive surveillance practices.
To minimize the impact, the employers must ensure
transparency and respect workers privacy rights.
This is the end of the
presentation, and this is the
reference and declaration.
Thank you so much for your attention.